bos: landing and overview (#1400)
near/docs: docs/bos/overview.md

---
id: overview
title: Overview
---

The Blockchain Operating System (BOS) simplifies building, deploying and accessing decentralized frontends. Embrace the power of community and Web 3.

![bos](/docs/bos-landing.png)

---

> ## Why Using BOS?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why Use BOS?
```

> BOS is both a development environment and a social network where to deploy and discover new applications. It simplifies building Web 3 applications providing easy onboarding, high security and a seamless interaction with all chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BOS is both a development environment and a social network where users can deploy and discover new applications. It simplifies building Web 3 applications providing easy onboarding, high security and a seamless interaction with all chains.
```
